License text copyright (c) 2020 MariaDB Corporation Ab, All Rights Reserved.  
"Business Source License" is a trademark of MariaDB Corporation Ab.

Licensor:  
ParallelIQ, Inc.

Licensed Work:  
The Licensed Work is (c) 2025 ParallelIQ, Inc.

Additional Use Grant:  
You may make production use of the Licensed Work, provided your use does not include offering the Licensed Work (including any modified version) to third parties on a hosted or embedded basis in order to compete with ParallelIQ’s offerings. For purposes of this license:

A “competitive offering” is a product or service offered to third parties for a fee (including via paid support or subscription) that significantly overlaps with or substitutes for the core functionality of the Licensed Work or any product or service of the Licensor related to the Licensed Work. If your product or service is not a competitive offering when you first make it available, it will not be considered a competitive offering if the Licensor later releases an updated product with additional capabilities. Additionally, products or services that are not provided on a paid basis (open-source or free offerings) are not competitive offerings.

“Embedded” means incorporating any part of the Licensed Work into a competitive offering, or packaging a competitive offering such that the Licensed Work or its components are required for the offering to operate.

Using the Licensed Work internally or for non-commercial purposes within your own organization is not considered a competitive offering. The Licensor considers all affiliates under common control as part of your organization for purposes of this definition.


The Licensor hereby grants you the right to copy, modify, create derivative works, redistribute, and make non-production use of the Licensed Work. The Licensor may make an Additional Use Grant, above, permitting limited production use.

Effective on the Change Date, or the fourth anniversary of the first publicly available distribution of a specific version of the Licensed Work under this License, whichever comes first, the Licensor hereby grants you rights under the terms of the Change License stated above, and the rights granted in the paragraph above terminate.

If your use of the Licensed Work does not comply with the requirements currently in effect as described in this License, you must purchase a commercial license from the Licensor, its affiliated entities, or authorized resellers, or you must refrain from using the Licensed Work.

All copies of the original and modified Licensed Work, and derivative works of the Licensed Work, are subject to this License. This License applies separately for each version of the Licensed Work and the Change Date may vary for each version of the Licensed Work released by the Licensor.

You must conspicuously display this License on each original or modified copy of the Licensed Work. If you receive the Licensed Work in original or modified form from a third party, the terms and conditions set forth in this License apply to your use of that work.

Any use of the Licensed Work in violation of this License will automatically terminate your rights under this License for the current and all other versions of the Licensed Work.

This License does not grant you any right in any trademark or logo of the Licensor or its affiliates (except as may be necessary to comply with the requirements of this License).

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND TITLE.
